FF145 Expr Features: Storage Access headers (#41787)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

- `security.integrity_policy.stylesheet.enabled`
  - : Set to `true` to enable.

### Storage Access Headers

The {{httpheader("Sec-Fetch-Storage-Access")}} and {{httpheader("Activate-Storage-Access")}} HTTP headers are now supported, enabling a more efficient [Storage Access API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Storage_Access_API) workflow. ([Firefox bug 1991688](https://bugzil.la/1991688)).

> In the JavaScript-only workflow, a third party resource has to be requested and loaded in order to activate a storage-access permission for a particular context (such as a new browser tab), even if the permission has already been granted.

Reviewer: the "even if" phrase comes at the end of a long sentence. Maybe split the sentence? I've also hyphenated "third party".
```suggestion
In the JavaScript-only workflow, a third-party resource must be requested and loaded to activate a storage-access permission for a particular context (such as a new browser tab). This is required even if the permission has already been granted.
```

Author: Works for me!
